Add CoC and DCO (#1)
fluxcd/terraform-provider-flux: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

The Flux Terraform provider is [Apache 2.0
licensed](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/blob/main/LICENSE) and
accepts contributions via GitHub pull requests. This document outlines
some of the conventions on to make it easier to get your contribution
accepted.

We gratefully welcome improvements to issues and documentation as well as to
code.

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the

> contribution. No action from you is required, but it's a good idea to see the

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this in the previews comment round, but this paragraph is no longer true, as we require signed-off commits.

Author: Check now please

# Contributing

The Flux Terraform provider is [Apache 2.0
licensed](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/blob/main/LICENSE) and
accepts contributions via GitHub pull requests. This document outlines
some of the conventions on to make it easier to get your contribution
accepted.

We gratefully welcome improvements to issues and documentation as well as to
code.

## Certificate of Origin

> By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
> Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
> simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
> contribution. We require that you sign-off all your commits, see the
> [DCO](DCO) file for details before you start contributing code to FluxCD
> organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to the Flux project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. 

We require all commits to be signed. By signing-off with your signature, you
certify that you wrote the patch or otherwise have the right to contribute the 
material by the rules of the DCO:

```
Signed-off-by: Jane Doe <jane.doe@example.com>
```

The signature must contain your real name (sorry, no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions)

If your `user.name` and `user.email` are configured in your Git config, you can sign your commit automatically with `git commit -s`.
```
